hi to all of you guys as promised
here we are with the special and the contest
for the 10 thousand registered a figure
scary that I never would
imagined to reach above all
thanks to the policy I have always had
embraced on youtube so I never have
ass licked i never looked
collaborations with pips to hold on
some like some comment
registration I have always done everything
with my legs with my strength
in short, thank you thank you from the first
registered at the last
so call the talk because anyway
thank you all know how to say
here with a kids contest why how
see below the title of the contest is
really very very warm and will give you
the opportunity to win a game a
choice between three titles that you now have
I will show plans versus zombies garden
warfare for xbox one battlefield 4 for
playstation 4
the sims 3 starter pack for pc
then I personally decided these
titles because I find them among the most
interesting of these three platforms
for the moment and also embrace a
little what my tastes are
so if you don't like anyone
of these three titles once
you will have the finger on the contest because it will be there
one winner
well your cocks it's still about
brand new titles because they are still
frost palates as you have seen and that
you can easily resell italy
stop saturn mediaworld or from a
private and pull us up to pay a fine
nest egg to buy vico is the
title that interests you but what are the
terms to actually participate
at my contest for members ' ITC
nothing simpler rule number one
like this video
rule number two comment on this
video rule number three and share
this video on facebook and rule number
4 put the I like air page of
facebook you find below in
description but with what criterion will come
extract the winner and penetrate all
those who have made these steps
why
and you don't remember to put a mi
like to comment on cultivate dereons
like the facebook page
you will not get layers so I tell you
now immediately make all these four
passages because I see you well between
therefore these participants will be there
opportunity to win
then by random extraction it will be
a real lottery how long
Well you will have to participate in the contest
will expire on Saturday 15th March so you will have more
or less two weeks of time then
until 23 59 on Friday 14 March
you can participate by sharing
commenting putting the likes on
video and to the facebook page to this
contest for the 10 thousand members
the extraction will obviously take place on mine
live channel on google at house and
winner once he is rewarded
will have the opportunity to choose one among
these three titles
so guys I can't do anything else
which to thank you again wish me that
all of you win because in short I
I wish you all good luck
who will participate that they will be
ten hundred thousand or ten thousand all
subscribers even if I doubt it and us there
see tomorrow at 18:30 for the
classic breaking blog on Tuesday and that
luck be with you
Hello